README.md, before:

# Your project name
A short description of your project. 

Next, read this example and adapt it to your project.

If you want to add more sections, please do so after the existing ones (avoid burying your sources under a lot of text!).

Live link: [website.be](website.be) (optional)

## Up & running (optional)
- This should contain step by step instructions to run your project
- Login information is mentioned here if applicable.

## Sources 

Given are some examples, delete and replace with your own.

- [Multi auth in Laravel](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/50514738/multi-auth-use-one-page-login-laravel) used in http > controller > LoginController.php (line 18-67)
- [Audio from ChatGPT](https://chatgpt.com/c/66dae37e-6da8-8001-99ab-245ad328416a) used in resources > music
- [Chatgpt.com](https://chatgpt.com) ⚠️ this is an invalid example, because it links to a homepage instead of a specific page or issue
- Generate a ChatGPT share link: options (three dots) > share.
- If your lecturer still sees these default examples, you're in trouble

Commit message:

feat: add initial Unity project structure

README.md, after:

# TheLine
TheLine is a unique single-player game where players draw a line to navigate from point A to point B without touching their own line or obstacles. Test your skills and see how far you can go!

## Table of Contents
- [TheLine](#theline)
  - [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
  - [Features](#features)
  - [How to Play](#how-to-play)
  - [Startup](#startup)
  - [License](#license)
  - [Attribution](#attribution)

## Features
- **Engaging Gameplay:** Navigate through levels by drawing a line.
- **Leaderboard:** Track your progress and see how you compare against others.
- **Level Progression:** Start from level 1 and see how far you can get!
- **Timer:** Keep track of how long you take to complete each level.

## How to Play
- Click and hold the left mouse button to start drawing a line.
- Guide the line from the starting point (A) to the endpoint (B).
- Avoid your own line and obstacles between (A) and (B).

## Startup
1. Clone het repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/EHB-MCT/assignment-1-alexander.git

## License
This product is distributed under a proprietary license. You can review the full license agreement at the following link: [Standard License Agreement for Abblix OIDC Server](link-naar-je-licentie).

For non-commercial use, this product is available for free.

## Attribution
- Special thanks to [ChatGPT](https://chatgpt.com/share/67101848-7384-8003-b00e-a0e3b6c176f7) voor het ontwerp van de gebruikersinterface.
